ob Description
 
Intern Undergrad Analyst-140012BN
 
Intern Undergrad Sr. Analyst: Software Strategy, Software Development and Software Test positions
(IUS602)
 
As part of the End-User Computing Solutions group, the team is responsible for developing and delivering a variety of personal computing and mobility technologies to a wide range of customers, from consumers, to small businesses, to large public institutions and corporations. Our mission is to give our customers the power to do more with technology by providing industry-leading hardware and software solutions.
 
This team is responsible for defining the future vision of client architectures and solutions for Dell client products. To achieve this goal, this team is responsible for working with strategic marketing, engineering, and our experience teams to bring together solutions and capabilities that enable Dell’s customers to have unique and differentiated experiences. As a member of the team, you will help define solutions for future products.
 
As a Software Technology Engineer Intern, you will be responsible for working closely with technology engineers and technology strategists, advanced architecture, experience design engineers and product marketing to assist in the definition of architecture for new solutions that potentially encompass hardware, firmware, driver, middleware, application, user interface and cloud software layers.
 
Responsibilities include:
· Working with Dell technology strategists, marketing, engineering and external partners to create solutions for Windows Platforms (Win 7, Win 8) and/or Android Platforms.
· Technical engagements with key development partners.
· Assessing technology solutions from our partner companies.
· Developing Proof of Concept implementations.
Working with Dell teams to identify business opportunities.
Interacting with the experience design team to refine the overall customer experience.
· Analyzing solution requirements, design and validation strategies.
Development of appropriate documentation.
Qualifications
 
Ideal Candidate’s Qualifications:

·         Enrolled in Bachelors program in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related.  
In graduating class of December 2015 or Spring 2016.
Basic understanding of computer architectures like x86 and ARM.
C, C++, C# or Java coding skills.
Familiarity with Web technologies such as JavaScript and HTML5.
Understanding of software development lifecycles.
Object Oriented Design experience.
Strong communication and presentation skills.
Ability to write and analyze requirements, functional specifications, design specifications, test plans, and documentation.
Ability to organize and manage multiple projects, setting priorities and working independently under aggressive timelines.
Preferences:

Prior work experience as an intern is preferred but not required.
Experience with application development in Windows, Android or iOS.
 
Dell is an Equal Opportunity Employer. To learn more about our commitment to Diversity & Inclusion, visit:Equal Employment Opportunity Policy Statement
 
 
Life at Dell Learn about Dell culture, the interviewing process and benefits offered in your location:Life at Dell
Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
 
Job Support Services - Intern - Undergraduate
Primary Location North America-US-TX-Austin
 
Shift Day Job